Max Scott 

1250 word 

Thesis = he is a threat to domocracy do to his disobediance and questions that he then rubs off on the yuth, despite what he might tell you. 

P1 = anticipate what he will say 

P2 = his relation to the 30 tirants / privacy 

P3 = his disobedience is dangerous 

P4 = his questons are dangerus 

P5 = he makes the youth do the same thing 


Men of Athens, I am here to make you aware of a danger to our great city and way of life. Socratys is dangerous but cunning and we more than capable of making the 
weaker argument seem the stronger. He may try to tell you that he fight bravely in battle or that he did not obey the 30 tyrants. Let us examine both these 
situations more critically. Although he will no doubt say that he has fight bravely, he has not contributed to a battle that has given us a disis victory. 
And now I ask you, does this sound like something a brave and heroic man of thathins would boat about? I think it is not. Then let us look at his diso ediance
agents the thirty. Though he was supposed to obtain a man to be executed and did not, he made no effort to stop this from happening. And now I ask you, does
this sound like a courageous man going against the tyrants or simply a man who is lazy or does not want to get their own hands dirty. I think it is not hat 
hard to see through his deceptions and trickery if one is able to keep the facts in mind and not allow one self to be suked in to his mental tricks. 
My second point to make is that he does not have the interests of our society at hart. Won need look no farther than his relation to the thirty tyrants to see this. He goes around conversing with the associates of the thirty and spreading their ideas among the youth. Furthermore he had conducted his affairs and conversations with theas associates and others secretly in priva. And why would he be conducting his affairs in private unless their was something to hide. This seems all too suspicious and sneaky for a proper man of Athens. 
He may say that his, less than convincing, disobedience to the thirty is proof that he is not on their side. But his disobedience is just as commonly bright august
our city as it is august the tyrants. He has also tempted to provent punishment that he thought was unjust and in doing so look the law into his own hands, 
placing himself above the city. His philosophy of everyman making his own decisions about what is a correct and just action for the city as a hole to take is 
certainly a danger to any organized society in which group effort is necessary to accomplish anything. 
The root of this issue is is insistent questioning wich he uses to make wise men appear as though they are not wise and creat doubt in our society. This 
questioning of authority leads to his insistence on disobeying governments. Beyond his own disobedience his questions create doubt in the minds of others, 
impacting the rest of society. 
  This led me to my last and most important point. Socrates has and will continue to corrupt the youth! He is often with them when he does his questioning 
  and creating doubt. 


But one might object, that asking questions and taking personal responsibility for one's actions, such as disobeying orders that are unjust will lead to a more 
just citizen, and spreading this way of thinking to the youth may make a more just society. Do not fall in to this flawed reasoning fellow men of athens. 
This idea of justice is indeed flawed. We should concern ourselves with the efficiency of a society instead. Justes is something that, if it exists, can not 
be understood me mortals in an objective way. One mans idea of what is just is different than another. And sense, despite what socrates may tell you about his
far fetched encounter with the orical, non of are able to prove that he is the wisest and so we have no way of saying which man is right. This means that if 
their is justed we can not know it. And even if their was a group that was more trustworthy when finking what is truly just, would it not be the politicians 
of the city who train to now what is best for society? But as I have argued their is nothing makes one man more able to know justice and therefore we can not 
objectively come to a conclusion about what is just. So rathe than base society on what we do not know, let us bas it on efficiency and making a society that 
makes all citizens better off. And this can be done through the obedience of the citizens that allows the rolling class to “get things done” without sorting 
about the personal opinions of each man. This makes an effective state, and this is why socrates is so dangerous. 



The way we think is important for and impacts society.
